Add `osu! World Cup 2023: Semifinals Recap` news post (#10511)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-11-21-osu-world-cup-2023-semifinals-recap.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu! World Cup 2023: Semifinals Recap"
date: 2023-11-21 18:00:00 +0000
---

> As the osu! World Cup is nearing its conclusion, close matches and stupendous performances are pumping adrenaline into players and spectators alike.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the osu! World Cup is nearing its conclusion, close matches and stupendous performances are a constant source of adrenaline-pumping moments for both players and spectators alike! Catch a rundown of what you might've missed!
```

Author: i'm going for a specific tone so i will take just the first sentence
